So back in our code here, we see that this is working perfectly fine and we can see that tap nine or
tap button is incrementing because we are composing and all the great things are happening now.
Remember that you have no pun intended.
You have to pass to remember here because remember, a key word can store immutable or immovable object.
So if values change right in this state here, it will trigger recomposition, which is the refresh
of the UI, but not just the whole UI, but more specifically in this case, is going to be targeted
to this text.
This is what this is.
What is changing, right?
We're changing the user interface in this case by passing in our money counter data.
OK.
So got it, password.
We have to have a remember and then inside a multiple state off to create actual state.
And remember will remember that state.
OK, now this is one way of actually creating a remember here, right?
The other way is as follow, I can save our money, see, just to differentiate.
And I'm just going to go ahead and say, is equal to remember like this.
And then just pick the second one and then we can pass our mutable state of.
And pass in this case, zero.
Now if I change the whole thing and I just use that one.
Let's comment out this money counter there, you will see that we have a problem, the reason why is
because the way we have created this variable here money counter now.
We're not delegating, we're not using delegate by here.
It works.
But we have to change a few things because now it is.
Money counter is not going to work because are going to say if you have over its money counter, it's
just a mutable state.
It's not just an integer, but it's immutable state.
So we wrapped that interminable state.
So what is immutable state?
What so immutable state allows us to hold this state right?
It's just a wrapper that holds a state.
But most importantly, these values are going to be able to send information to to send events.
In this case, the compose function will observe this value.
So all they have to do now is say that and get the value.
So it's a little bit more work, a little bit of code, but I'm just going to say get the value of that
mutable state.
OK.
And here too, we're going to have to say that value like this.
And if we run this, we should see this same thing.
But it would just change the way we are creating these variables.
OK, now you can see everything still works the same, which is great now, although everything works
fine.
You can tap and you can see the numbers going up.
That's fine.
But the whole idea really is to make sure that we update this 100 here.
We may have a counter here that we want or text.
In this case, I must update as we tap.
And if you see all this, clicking is happening inside of Create Circle Composable.
So how do we then call that somewhere where we can then in this case, be able to attach to this text
here?
I meaning this money counter here who want to attach to this text so essentially do exactly what we
did here.
Like this was just testing.
We want to attach money counter to this text and so we can see then money going up.
How do we do that?
Well, the first thing we need to understand is that will have then to remove this state here outside
of our create circle.
This is another concept called state hosting, which means we are hosting it.
We are taking up.
A level from where we are the state, I'm going to cut this and I'm going to call inside of my app of
my app like this?
OK, so we have a money counter and there it is.
But then of course, this is not going to work here.
You know, a clickable because we have lost that.
How do we then make it so that we're able to still interact, of course, with our clickable right?
Make sure that then at this counter is still valid, meaning that we can still click and change this
value here, because now we have this huge disconnect and you can see things are failing at this point.
So first, what do we need to do is in our circle circle here, we're going to pass a few parameters.
So the first one is going to be money count like this is going to be it's just a normal variable.
This is not going to work.
So what I'm going to do.
Let's just for now coming all of that.
And let's just call it here it is.
Money count.
OK, let's go ahead and say alt enter to remove the presses because we don't need those.
OK, so we're moving things around here and just get rid of this and now have an issue because we need
to pass an initial value.
Let's just say zero so that the preview still works.
OK, so nothing works yet, but at least we have something notice that are clickable.
It's not going to do anything, but at least we know we've hosted our state up here.
OK?
But the next thing we need to do also here, right, we need to pass some sort of a callback.
So I'm going to say updated or update counter, it's going to be a function.
Remember, we can pass functions as parameters, which is really amazing.
The idea here is that we'll need to pass something into this counter.
This app take money, counter function.
What is it that we're going to be passing?
Well, we are going to pass an integer because it's going to be what we're going to be updating using
to update in this case, the counter.
And this will return nothing.
So say Unit I.
Let's go ahead and close this down, so have more space.
OK, I hear, and we have an issue here.
For now, let's go ahead and comment is that we don't need it to show a preview of this.
OK, so there we go.
So now this Abdi counter will expect what an end, which is going to be the actual counter.
That means then if we go back to where this has been called, that means we have to pass a few things
if you hover over it.
So it's no value passport for parameters update money counter you can see here.
Expect money counter, right?
But because we passed an integer, also a default value, it's not required.
But update money, it is.
So that means then I'm going to pass my country.
What do we call it?
Seat counter money counter is going to be set to what?
Well, we're going to set two money counter we created at the top here.
Say money.
Money counter now, so it happens that it so happens that I actually named them the.
It so happens that I name both the parameter name the same name as our variable here, our mutable state.
That's OK.
In this case, I'm just going to have to go and say that value because I need to get the value because
remember, now this is wrapped inside of a miserable state, so we need to get the value, the actual
it.
OK.
Now, if you have over again notice that we pass here, this update money counter, which expects which
expects an integer also because it's the last parameter that is a function, right, instead of a function.
That means we can actually treat this as a lambda, which means I can just go outside and say braces,
curly braces like that.
And voila!
Now you can see we have this event.
Or it should say which is an integer which is going to be the number that's being updated.
So here then what I need to do is to, of course, update this money counter variable is immutable state.
Right.
Each time we click, we are going to receive that value.
So hearing I say money counter, I'm going to say that value, it's going to be equal to the eight we
are getting plus one like this.
And now because we understand that this money counter here, it's going to be updated and mutable state.
So it's listened to states.
I can change this to something like.
Money.
That value like this.
And see what happens.
Let's go ahead and run.
And there you have it, the moment it starts, it looks at the money counter, it knows that the default
value in this mutable state is zero.
If we put 10 here, this would show here.
OK, now let's see a moment of truth if I tap.
Nothing is happening.
What's going on?
It looks like we haven't done anything, you know, a clickable right.
We just come things out and we still have this log.
That's not what we want.
What we want to happen here.
Well, here's the beauty.
We have this call back here.
That means then each time we click, we're going to say Update.
Call this update to money counter.
And we're going to do going to pass inside here.
Our money counter value, right?
Because that's going to be the value that's been incremented there.
That's an integer.
So let's go ahead and run this one once again.
So now if I tap, while I can see now, says one and keeps growing as such and we still have this attached
to tap, we can just remove that that was for testing a similar vein again.
OK, here we go now with Tab C one.
And it's going to go and increment.
There we go.
And even to make it better because we want to separate the concerns here, what I can do in our circle,
we are passing, of course, my counter, which is going to be set to our money counter, which is inevitable.
State veterans at state.
Hear what I can do actually is as follows I can actually change this because I want to change the naming.
I can say, for instance, new value and give it an arrow like this.
So now what I can do, I can say our counter.
Money counter that value is going to be set to our new value as such, which means then the updating
or the increasing of the money will happen inside of our optic counter.
So I can say update counter plus one like this.
So now we have set everything up the way it's supposed to be in this VAR here, it looks like it's complaining
you can always say alt or option enter.
It's going to say changes to file and we're going to do that.
OK, so there we go.
So we've hosted the state to the calling the composable because my app is calling, in this case, this
create circle.
And then what we're doing here is that for a circle, we change a few things, we added.
We passed the money counter argument, which is going to take care, always go and track what's happening
with our money, counter their value.
And then because we have the lambda in our create circle, we have a function that we call the update.
Let's put this in the new line.
This app money counter and we're passing it.
So we call that every time the button is clicked, we're going to call this update money counter.
We're going to pass the money, counter whatever value we have here and add one to that.
That's exactly what's happened here.
So it's going to look at money.
Counter is going to be zero at first.
We're going to be passing that value into this, which in turn, we're going to set that value to the
new value we're getting, which in this case we are updating by one.
And now, my friends, we have created a very simple application, does not a lot, but it really shows
us this concept of state, which is very important, but also shows us how do we hoist elevated state
to the calling composable?
Now, why is it important to hoist the state?
The reason why we want to hoist this state from our main composable to the calling composable composable
functions need to be stateless, relatively stateless, which means they should not hold the state right
because we want them to be as flexible as possible.
At this point, I can call this anywhere I want because it doesn't hold any state.
We don't have this state here holding us up, right?
So whenever I call or whatever I call the create circle, I'll have to passing the money counter and
the update money counter function there.
So we will delegate will send the state to the parent composable, which will hold that state and that
will be changing itself there.
And so the state is going to be changing and then it's going to be propagated down to our circle great
circle, which then is going to go ahead and update the money.
So there's a lot I threw at you here, and I did take my time to explain this because I want to make
sure you really get this concept again.
We will continue to work with this, but I had to go slowly because I really, really, really want
you to get this concept.
And also remember, this is just the beginning of our journey here.
So there will be a lot of opportunities for you to practice this.
As it is, you can go ahead and practice this concept by creating, for instance, a counter in different
counters and so forth, and see how this works.
In fact, one of the things that you see that you can do, you can now because we've hosted a state
like it's here now, we can do all sorts of things with that state.
For instance, we can say money counter kind of value is greater.
Then, 25, I want to show a text.
That says lots of money like this, right, because we have that state and it's easy for us to do such.
In a previous example, we wouldn't be able to do that because the state was in sight of our create
circle.
Now it's no longer there so we can do all sorts of things.
All right.
So let's see if I keep tapping.
Getting there.
Lots of money.
So I hope this was helpful, and I'll see you in the next video.